welcome to the man of recaps this is
jessica jones season three
jessica jones is continuing to be the
super strong private investigator one
day she gets an unexpected visit from
dorothy walker her adopted mom trish's
mom she wants jessica to find trish
who's missed a few days of work jessica
hasn't talked to trish since the end of
season two when trish killed jessica's
murdering super-powered mom so just
tracks her down but finds trisha is
tracking someone else into their
apartment where oh he pulls a gun on her
so jessica busts in there to save her
but what's this trish does a sweet flip
off the wall she didn't need jessica's
help yes remember last season trish did
the sketchy experiment to get
superpowers and it seemed like it maybe
worked not a lot of superpowers though
it basically made her pretty good at
parkour so trish gets to do what she
always wanted run around the city
stopping bad guys of course bad guys
don't take former child stars seriously
so she thinks about a fancy costume but
in the end just goes with athleisure
wear now trish isn't doing this for the
recognition but she does tip off a
photographer when she jumps off a beam
so everyone knows there's a cool new
masked vigilante in town now the big
case in the news right now is some guy
who killed his sister with a million
dollar statue but he's getting off and
so that's who trish was tracking down to
find proof she and jess aren't ready to
be friends again yet she's like get out
of here i don't need you i got my own
superpowers now so just goes to her
favorite place the bar where she meets a
kind of hot guy who promises he can make
her the best burger in new york she's
like yo was burger code for sex because
let's just skip right to that but
there's a knock at her door and when she
opens it oh insta-stabbed
what she knocks this guy back with super
strength but she's not immune to knives
so he gets away
she's gonna be okay though except for
her spleen and she tracks down statue
guy assuming he recognized her and
knifed her but he makes a pretty
compelling case it wasn't him then when
burger boy comes back just realizes the
knifer was after him yes turns out he
has superpowers of his
own he can physically feel the badness
on people it gives him a horrible
headache he uses it to vaguely blackmail
them because he doesn't know what they
did but he knows it was bad and they
usually pay so they track down his most
recent marks and the one who didn't pay
has a ton of degrees and a worm farm and
is definitely a serial killer
his name is gregory salinger and he
comes home right then just goes to
intimidate him but he pulls a soccer
player fake injury out you're hurting me
yes his apartment's rigged with cameras
and now he calls 9-1-1 on jessica so
she's got to leave him for now so justin
trish finally make up enough for her to
bring her in on this investigation and
they track him down to this old
abandoned train car where yes he's
dumped a ton of bodies all right
catching a serial killer all in a day's
work
unfortunately though there is zero
evidence licking him to these bodies
except for jessica's word and he's
turning it around on her claiming he's
the victim of her harassment and
representing salinger is sleazy lawyer
jerry hogarth now remember she's dying
of als but instead of retiring and
enjoying the rest of her life she
started up a new law firm and wants to
make it bigger than ever and her chief
investigator there is malcolm looking
fresh in his suits now but mostly his
job here involves getting entitled rich
pricks off the hook for being terrible
people this gives him a crisis of
conscience but it pays well and he's
dating the hot new junior partner so
jerry meanwhile reconnects with her
cellist college girlfriend but she's
been happily married these last 30 years
so she has malcolm dig up dirt on her
husband and indeed he's been embezzling
from their charity but he releases a
video claiming jerry hogarth threw in
his life to steal his wife and kills
himself on camera
so as you might imagine this doesn't
work out the way jerry wanted malcolm
already felt bad about driving a guy to
kill himself but now representing a
literal serial killer that's where he
draws the line he quits and starts
freelancing for jess again meanwhile
salinger threatened to burger boys
prostitute little sister she needs a
place to lay low so it's like hey
malcolm can you babysit thanks
almost immediately she walks in on his
workout and it's like wow man you're
really hot let's do a sweaty bicep sesh
he's like no no i have a girlfriend
actually never mind forget that you're
living with me now i think we're dating
anyway with no evidence on sallinger's
recent crime she figures let's go back
to his past where he killed his
wrestling buddy and buried him in his
parents backyard hopefully he messed up
and left some evidence on this one but
it's gonna take a while to find out and
in the meantime salinger texts jess that
he's gonna kill again
they go on a wild goose chase to protect
the girl they think is his target but
turns out his real target was personal
it was dorothy walker no
trish freaks out and goes to kill him
she claws his face giving her the name
hellcat but jessica gets there just in
time to stop her like yo killing is bad
now trish had a complicated relationship
with her mom she was kind of a terrible
mother but i mean still her mother in
fact we get a whole flashback to see the
origins of it's patsy when dorothy was
an overbearing showbiz mom but in her
own way she really loved trish and was
just pushing her to succeed anyway the
big problem is salinger now knows that
trish walker is the new masked vigilante
he wants to make a deal with jessica
i'll keep trish's secret if you go
destroy the evidence against me on that
body and so to keep her best friend and
sister out of jail
she does it the one thing that could
have taken salinger down trish is not
happy about this though she's like yo i
would have willingly gone to jail if it
meant putting him away too she can't get
at salinger while he's in police custody
but she wants to punish some bad guy and
burger boy's like yo i can help i got a
whole list of them they track down some
cop who likes to kill people for fun
they're gonna make him confess but ooh
trish it's him a little hard this guy's
dead but as he dies burger boy's
headache is lifted confirmation for
trish that she's made the world a better
place before they hit the next bad guy
burger boy's like okay so that was an
accident but we can't kill the next one
we'll just make him confess but trish
gets carried away she really likes being
bad guys and she kills this one on
purpose she's like yo man it's for the
best your headache's gone the world's a
better place
and he's like yeah but now i'm getting a
headache from you so burgerboy realizes
he's made a huge mistake tells jess what
church is up to so jess has to go
protect salinger from trish they have a
little fight to chase through the
hospital in the end she chains trish up
to cool down for a while while she makes
a plan to catch salinger but oh what's
this her whiskey was poison dog salinger
was coming for her
yes he's finally done it got jessica
jones in his power she's really good at
getting under his skin though so he
loses his cool starts talking about all
the people he's killed and she's like hi
you fell for your own trick i'm
recording this whole thing and i'm not
actually poisoned so salinger is
captured with hard evidence he's going
away for good
but that's not enough for trish she
breaks in there while he's in custody
beats up these cops
and absolutely no hesitation she
brutally kills him in the elevator
so just gets a visit from luke cage a
nice little cameo wearing his sweet new
crime boss outfit he's like hey jess
sorry your sister's gone crazy i know
how it is with siblings it was my
brother diamondback who was my season
one villain and now just goes to
confront trish with burger boy here to
prove to her that she has become the bad
guy she doesn't want to hear it though
and runs away so to lurch out of hiding
jess has to reveal her identity to the
world they have a final showdown and
jess is much stronger but part of
trisha's powers she's got dark vision
like a cat so with the lights off well
she's got the advantage
in the end jess is like trish please
don't do this but trish is too far gone
she tries to stab jess with the knife
but to hoe blocked with the hand and
boom trish is out for the count
finally now after trying to kill her
best friend and sister she realizes
i'm the bad guy so trish walker hellcat
is going off to jail but not just any
jail apparently powered people get taken
to the raft yeah from captain america's
civil war
putting her best friend away is too much
for jessica to handle she's gonna buy a
ticket out of town but everything goes
purple oh you know that's kilgrave's
voice
he's all like that's right jessica just
run away from your problems and she's
like no
i'm stronger than that i'm gonna stay
here and face them and that's where
jessica jones season three comes to an
end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member